# MODEL0318212660: BranchSingleCycle

## Installation

Download this repository, and install with distutils

`python setup.py install`

Or, install using pip

`pip install git+https://github.com/biomodels/MODEL0318212660.git`

To install a specific version (in this example, from the 2014-09-16 BioModels release)

`pip install git+https://github.com/biomodels/MODEL0318212660.git@20140916`

## Usage

Importing the model package.

`import MODEL0318212660 as model`

Get the SBML string from the model

`print model.sbmlString`

If [python-libsbml](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/python-libsbml) bindings are
installed, the libsbml.SBMLDocument object is also accessible

`model.sbml`


# Model Notes


This model is from the article:  
**Time Scale Simulation of Vmax of Urea Cycle Enzymes.**   
Pradip Bhattacharya, Alok Srivastava, Sarbashish Das, Samiyadeep Nandi,
Ganeshan Tamil, Ashutosh Viswabandhu, HemantaKwashua, Rabi Yadav Lokesh Nigam,
Anmol Khan, Chetna Singh, Arvind Mer, Vikram Sinha, Rehan Mohommad, Candida
Vaz, R.N. Rai, D.K. Lobyal, _International Journal of Evolution Equations_
2011; 5(4); [URL](https://www.novapublishers.com/catalog/product_info.php?prod
ucts_id=26885)  
**Abstract:**   
The objective of this study was to initialize the time-scale simulation of
urea cycle enzymes based on the very limited amount of experimental data. As a
model example, Vmax of each four enzymes was simulated with varying time for
some organisms. These results indicated that the values of Vmax of time-scale
simulation of all four enzymatic reactions of urea cycle were very close to
0.09-0.4, and were comparable (deviation ≤0.01-0.1) for steady state kinetic
measurements. Enzymes of several organisms were included in this study
protocol.

**Note:** The author submitted the model twice accidently. This model is identical to MODEL0318407497 

To the extent possible under law, all copyright and related or neighbouring
rights to this encoded model have been dedicated to the public domain
worldwide. Please refer to [CC0 Public Domain
Dedication](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) for more
information.

In summary, you are entitled to use this encoded model in absolutely any
manner you deem suitable, verbatim, or with modification, alone or embedded it
in a larger context, redistribute it, commercially or not, in a restricted way
or not.

To cite BioModels Database, please use: [Li C, Donizelli M, Rodriguez N,
Dharuri H, Endler L, Chelliah V, Li L, He E, Henry A, Stefan MI, Snoep JL,
Hucka M, Le Novère N, Laibe C (2010) BioModels Database: An enhanced, curated
and annotated resource for published quantitative kinetic models. BMC Syst
Biol., 4:92.](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20587024)


